RISK WARNING
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Disclaimer
Links to Third Party Sites
Personal and Non-Commercial use Limitation
RISK DISCLOSURE

DISCLAIMER

Please review this information about Intomillion.com products and website thoroughly.

Trading in the Foreign Exchange market is a challenging opportunity where above average returns are available for educated and experienced investors who are willing to take above average risk. However, before deciding to participate in Foreign Exchange (Forex) trading, you should carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience and risk appetite. Do not invest money you cannot afford to lose.

Futures, Options, and Forex trading has large potential rewards, but also large potential risk. You must be aware of the risks and be willing to accept them in order to invest in the futures, options, and Forex markets. Don’t trade with money you can’t afford to lose. This is neither a solicitation nor an offer to Buy/Sell futures, options, or Forex contracts. No representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those discussed on this website. The past performance of any trading system or methodology is not necessarily indicative of future results.

HYPOTHETICAL OR SIMULATED PERFORMANCE RESULTS HAVE CERTAIN LIMITATIONS. UNLIKE AN ACTUAL PERFORMANCE RECORD, SIMULATED RESULTS DO NOT REPRESENT ACTUAL TRADING. ALSO, SINCE THE TRADES HAVE NOT BEEN EXECUTED, THE RESULTS MAY HAVE UNDER-OR-OVER COMPENSATED FOR THE IMPACT, IF ANY, OF CERTAIN MARKET FACTORS, SUCH AS LACK OF LIQUIDITY. SIMULATED TRADING PROGRAMS IN GENERAL ARE ALSO SUBJECT TO THE FACT THAT THEY ARE DESIGNED WITH THE BENEFIT OF HINDSIGHT. NO REPRESENTATION IS BEING MADE THAT ANY ACCOUNT WILL OR IS LIKELY TO ACHIEVE PROFIT OR LOSSES SIMILAR TO THOSE SHOWN.

As a subscriber and user of this website, you must be aware of the risks and be willing to accept them in order to trade the Forex markets. Please do not trade with money you can’t afford to lose. This is neither a solicitation nor an offer to buy or sell currencies in the Forex markets. No representation is being made by this website or Intomillion.com that any account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those discussed or written about on this website. The past performance of any trading signals, strategies, systems or methodology is not necessarily indicative of future results. Currency trading involves high risk and you can lose a substantial amount or all of your money. Hypothetical and/or simulated trading performance results have certain inherent limitations and restrictive conditions. Not like an actual performance record, hypothetical and/or simulated trading performance results do not represent actual trading. No representation is being made or implied that any account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown or discussed on this website.

Please understand, realize and note that currency trading is a risky endeavor and practice. As an individual or entity, you may lose your entire trading capital and more. Only use a demo account while learning how to trade the Forex or currency market and/or while you are a subscriber to this website. Forex trading may not be suitable for everyone. All speculative Forex trading involves substantial and inherent risks as well as a potential for profit. In order to trade the Forex market with success, you must be financially able to sustain a series of loses and also be psychologically able and/or prepared to accept many losses. Only use and trade with risk capital, more specifically, money or risk capital that you can afford to lose. The risks associated with currency trading are and can be very substantial. “Stop Loss” or “Limit” orders may not limit or eliminate losses in the amount intended. As a matter of fact, you may incur a total loss of the initial funds on margin and/or any other additional funds that you deposit with your broker to establish or maintain a position in the Forex market. If the Forex market advances or declines against your placed trades, you may be called upon by your broker to make an additional deposit of a substantial amount of money or funds (often on short notice), in order to maintain the position of your placed trades. If you are unwilling or do not provide the money or required funds to your broker within the allotted or prescribed amount of time, your position(s) may be liquidated at a loss. You will also be liable for any deficit amount in the account with your broker. This paragraph and series of brief statements on this website cannot and does not disclose all of the inherent risks and other important or indicative qualities of trading the Forex markets. As a subscriber and user of this website, you should carefully and diligently acquire knowledge of Forex trading before you place a trade.

Intomillion.com and this website DOES NOT give specific advice or instructions on when or where to buy or sell any currency pair, monetary instrument, stock, share, future or option. Trading the Forex market (buying and selling) is at the sole discretion of the member, subscriber or trader. Intomillion.com, its owners, or its representatives only provide tutorial instruction for various trading systems and methodologies that is all.

All information on this website or any subscription purchased from this website is for educational, entertainment or informational purposes only and is not intended to provide trading advice or recommendations. Any statements about profits or income, expressed or implied, do not represent a guarantee. Your actual trading may result in losses as this website and Intomillion.com trading software are not guaranteed. As a subscriber to this website, you accept full responsibility for your actions, trades, profit or loss, and agree to hold Intomillion.com, its owners, or its representatives harmless in any and all ways. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.

Intomillion.com, its owners, or its representatives make no representations of potential earnings by subscribers of this website. Only individuals or entities financially able and prepared should trade in the Forex market. Any and all trading signals delivered or accessed by a subscriber, should be viewed as hypothetical paper trades and without merit; and if they were accurate, they may never be able to be replicated in the future. Subscribers attempt to replicate any trades may be hindered by the inherent delay in receiving and acting upon or executing a signal, market liquidity, subscribers own psychological issues, commissions, slippage, third party trading software, internet or web outages and other unforeseen factors. All information and educational material contained in this website or any service or product we may provide in the future has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, however, there is no guarantee to its accuracy or its completeness. We do not accept responsibility for any errors; including verbal or typographical, including omissions or failure to transmit information in a timely fashion.

LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
The website may contain links to the Web sites controlled or offered by third parties. Intomillion.com disclaims liability for any information, materials, products or services posted or offered at any of the third party sites linked from the website. By creating a link to a third party website, Intomillion.com does not endorse or recommend any products or services offered or information contained at such linked website, nor is Intomillion.com liable for any failure of any products or services offered or advertised at such linked website.

PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE LIMITATION
Unless otherwise specified, the webite is for your personal and non-commercial use. You may not modify, copy, distribute, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, retransmit, or sell any information, software, products or services obtained from the website. You may not use any computerized or automatic mechanism to access, extract and/or download any information from the website.